HTCONDOR-2727: fto debug plugin for test suite branch (#2995)
htcondor/htcondor: src/condor_tests/ornithology-docs/source/api/custom_plugins.rst

File Transfer Plugins
=====================

Ornithology comes with the following built in file transfer plugins.
These plugins are readily available for jobs to use as part of the

> default file transfer plugin list, but can also be referred to by

Reviewer: See subsequent comment about specifying that this is the configuration for Ornithology's default condor (unless it's also the configuration for all HTCondors started by Ornithology unless over-ridden, which would be fine but would require different phrasing).  They aren't in the param table, anyway. :)

:doc:`predefined`.

NULL Plugin
-----------

The NULL plugin copies all data from a file located on disk to
``/dev/null`` (or equivalent). This allows transferring of a file

> without actually copying the file elsewhere on disk.

Reviewer: Does the NULL plug-in create an empty file on input transfer?

The NULL plugin accepts transfers using the ``null://`` URL schema.

.. warning::

    Transferred files need to exist on disk at transfer time.

Debug Plugin
------------

The Debug plugin that does not transfer any files but rather decodes
information encoded in the URL to decide how to act or what result
ClassAds to output.

The Debug plugin accepts transfers using the following URL schemas:

1. ``debug://``
2. ``decode://``
3. ``encoded://``

URL Encoding
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The URL has two levels of encoding. The first level of encoding is
the main command immediately proceeding the URL schema followed by
additional details which are forward slash (``/``) separated e.g.
``debug://command/(details)``. The details may be optional depending
on the command. The following are the available main commands:

*EXIT*
    - **Format**: ``schema://exit/<value>``
    - **Example**: ``debug://exit/1``
    - **Description**: Informs the plugin to exit immediately with an
      intended exit code specified in the extra details (immediately
      following the command). The plugin will always exit when this
      command is specified but may not exit with the specified number

>       provided the following reasons:
> 
>       1. Any previously parse URL had an invalid encoding.
>       2. The provided value was negative (exit with the absolute value).
>       3. The provided value was out of the range of ``0`` - ``123``.
>          Will choose the closest viable exit code (likely ``123``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      if:

      1. Any previously parsed URL had an invalid encoding.  (This is a multi-file plug-in, of course.)
      2. The provided value was negative, in which case it exits with the absolute value.
      3. The provided value was out of the range of ``0`` - ``123``.
         Will choose the closest exit code in that range (likely ``123``).
```

*SLEEP*
    - **Format**: ``schema://sleep/<value>``
    - **Example**: ``debug://sleep/20``
    - **Description**: Informs the plugin to sleep for the specified time

>       immediately following the command.

Reviewer: This raises the question of what the plug-in exits with if _only_ a sleep command is specified...

*SIGNAL*
    - **Format**: ``schema://signal/<value>``
    - **Example**: ``debug://signal/SIGKILL``
    - **Description**: Inform the plugin to immediately send the signal
      specified immediately after the command to itself. The available
      signal values are denoted by `python signal module <https://docs.python.org/3/library/signal.html#signal.SIG_DFL>`_

*SUCCESS* and *ERROR*
    - **Format**: ``schema://command/(details)`` [Details are optional]
    - **Examples**: ``debug://success``, ``debug://error/``, ``debug://error/general[foo=True;]``
    - **Description**: Denotes whether a transferred file was successful or

>       failed due to an error. If any **error** commands are encoding in
>       the transfer URLs then the plugin will exit with ``1`` unless specified
>       otherwise or an internal failure occurred. Both of these commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      failed due to an error. If anu **error** command is om
      the transfer URL list then the plugin will exit with ``1`` unless specified
      otherwise or an internal failure occurred.  The last error command wins.  Both of these commands
```

      will write a file transfer result ClassAd to the output file. This
      ClassAd will be constructed of default values and whatever further
      ClassAd details are encoded in the additional details (see detail
      encoding below).

**Special Details Encoding**
    Details about how to update the returned ClassAd for a transfer URL via
    the plugin can be encoded in portions of the URL (``schema://command/portion/portion/portion``)
    using specified keywords ('sub commands'). Any portion of the URL not
    beginning with a designated keyword is ignored. Parsing of the encoding
    happens left to right of the URL; meaning later keywords details take

>     precedent. The following keywords can be specified in URL portions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    precedence. The following keywords can be specified in URL portions:
```

    *GENERAL*
        - **Format**: ``general([details])`` (``[details]`` is optional).
        - **Example**: ``debug://error/general``
        - **Description**: Update/insert ClassAd attributes associated in

>           the main body of the result ad.

Reviewer: Considering adding either "see below for details of details encoding" or an example with a single attribute encoded, or both.

    *SPECIFICATION*
        - **Format**: ``specification([details])`` (``[details]`` is optional).
        - **Example**: ``debug://error/specification``
        - **Description**: Create a ``Specification`` error type ClassAd to add
          to the ``TransferErrorData`` attribute. The added ClassAd will be
          a default ad updated via any encoded information.

    *TRANSFER*
        - **Format**: ``transfer([details])`` (``[details]`` is optional).
        - **Example**: ``debug://error/transfer``
        - **Description**: Create a ``Transfer`` error type ClassAd to add
          to the ``TransferErrorData`` attribute. The added ClassAd will be
          a default ad updated via any encoded information.

    *DELETE*
        - **Format**: ``delete[attr(,attr...)]``
        - **Example**: ``debug://success/general[foo=1;bar=2;]/delete[bar]``
        - **Description**: Delete attribute(s) from the main body of the
          ClassAd that will be used to update the result ClassAd.

        .. note::

            This does not delete any of the default result ad attributes or
            attributes in nested ClassAd's such as the error ads.

    **Details Encoding**

>         For majority of the sub commands listed above support optional ClassAd
>         information encoding to use for updating the respective ClassAd. This
>         encoding is denoted via square brackets (``[]``) and possible a special
>         character denoting the details source type (``~`` or ``#``). The URL
>         details ClassAd can be specified in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The majority of the sub commands listed above support optional an
        optional details field.  The entire field is set off by square brackets
        (``[]``) and is optionally prefixed by a
        character denoting the details source type (``~`` or ``#``).  The contents
        of the field depend on the specified source type:
```
